OSDOCS#6518: 64k pages in the RHCOS kernel support on ARM arches (#69875)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/machine-config-overview.adoc

* Adding new users by using a machine config is not supported.
====
* **kernelArguments**: Add arguments to the kernel command line when {product-title} nodes boot.

> * **kernelType**: Optionally identify a non-standard kernel to use instead of the standard kernel. Use `realtime` to use the RT kernel (for RAN). This is only supported on select platforms. Use the `64k-pages` parameter for 64k memory pages on AArch64 machines. This setting is exclusive to clusters that use 64-bit ARM architectures.

Reviewer: maybe:

```
Use the `64k-pages` parameter to enable 64k memory pages for the machines in a cluster. This setting is only supported for machines with ARM architecture. 
```

Author: I prefer the "is exclusive" wording rather than "only supported", but im gonna see what peer review says too

> * **kernelType**: Optionally identify a non-standard kernel to use instead of the standard kernel. Use `realtime` to use the RT kernel (for RAN). This is only supported on select platforms. Use the `64k-pages` parameter to enable 64k memory pages for machines in a cluster. This setting is exclusive to machines with 64-bit ARM architectures.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **kernelType**: Optionally identify a non-standard kernel to use instead of the standard kernel. Use `realtime` to use the RT kernel (for RAN). This is only supported on select platforms. Use the `64k-pages` parameter to enable the 64k page size kernel. This setting is exclusive to machines with 64-bit ARM architectures.
```

Trying to call out the correct naming, also consistently with the RHEL doc: https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_enterprise_linux/9/html/managing_monitoring_and_updating_the_kernel/what-is-kernel-64k_managing-monitoring-and-updating-the-kernel

wdyt?

Author: I kept referencing memory page cuz that helped me remember what they were 😆. I like being consistent with the RHEL docs though, updating. Thank you!
